Web scraping
------------
    Web scraping is also called 'crawing' or 'spidering' is the technique to gather data automatically 
    from an online source it is very easy way to get large volume of data in relatively
    in a sort time frame, it adds stress to the server where the source is hosted

    This is also one of the main reason why manyu website don't allow scraping all on their website. 


how web scraping is usefull?
-----------------------------
    web scraping can help us to extract an enormous of data about customers, products, people, stock, market etc.




BeautifulSoup
-------------
    open source 
    it pull the data out of html and xml documents 
    begineers friendly because of it's good documentation and friendly users community
    we can use it for multitasking 

    disadvantage
        it depends heavily on other libraries to work 
        BeautifulSoup does not have capability of sending web request
        it has not document parser.

selenium   
--------
    it is very different from BeautifulSoup and srapy
    mainly it is developed for web testing
    it is used for web application automated testing
    it can send web request

    advantage
        api is begineer friendly thats a reason for being popular in developer comomunity
        it can easily work with the js (DOM)
        it can easily handle ajex request


selection
---------
    BeautifulSoup
    -------------
        low level complex project or small project 
        it help us to maintain our code simple and flexible 

        it is slow 
        but it comes up with the multitasking concept

        this library has a lot of dependencies in the ecosystem 
        this is one the downsite of the library for a complex project
    selenium
    --------
        when you are dealing with core js then selenium would be best choise.
        and here data size should be limited

        it can handle up to some range but not equivalent to srapy

        it has good eco system for development
        but 
        the problem is we can not utilize the proxied very easily



Conclusion
----------
    srapy  --> if you are dealing with complex Scraping operation that requires huge speed and with low power consumption then Scrapy would be a great choice.

    beautifulsoap  --> Ifyou’re new to programmer want to work with web scraping projects then you should go for Beautiful Soup. you can easily learn it and able to perform the operations very quickly up to a certain level of complexity.
    
    selenium  --> When you want to deal with Core Javascript based web Applications and want to make browser automation with AJAX/PJAX Requests. then Selenium would be a great choice.